clarification on SDID as a local identifer (#85)
riscv/riscv-smmtt: chapter3.adoc

under which a hart is operating. The interface consists of M-mode CSRs `msdcfg`
and `mttp`. The SDID programmed via this interface is a local identifier for the
hart and may be used to tag hart-local resources to access-control data
associated with the supervisor domain. For most typical usages, the SDID will
remain stable over the life of the supervisor domain. However, the SDID can be
changed at the cost of fencing to flush any prior cached state. The SDID is

> unique only within a cpu-complex, hence, SDID must not be used to tag downstream

Reviewer: unique only to a hart.

> unique only within a cpu-complex, hence, SDID must not be used to tag downstream

Author: ```suggestion
unique only to a hart, hence, SDID must not be used to tag downstream
```

> transactions that are globally visible - implementations may map the SDID from
> the initiator to other (global) identifiers but that mapping is
> implementation-specific and out of scope of this specification.

Reviewer 2: If statement 2 from #76 is correct, then we shouldn't suggest mapping the SDID to anything outside the hart:

```suggestion
transactions that are globally visible.
```

> implementation-specific and out of scope of this specification.

Reviewer: We could remove the "implementations may ...." - don't need to suggest an implementation specific thing. Implementations are of course free to do whatever they need but the architecture may not want to encourage that.
